
# PoCC Zenyt

Zenyt has been released, see [GitHub repo](https://github.com/PoC-Consortium/Zenyt)

Discussion forum: https://discord.gg/Mvqaa5k channel
[#zenyt](https://discord.com/channels/339689795427106817/590462784697794568)

Feedback and discussion is presented in a distilled form under
the [public input project](https://github.com/PoC-Consortium/CoinX/projects/1).

## CoinX (Former project name)

CoinX was the project name of a Proof-of-Capacity based cryptocurrency
the PoC Consortium has been working on since January 2019. This
writeup is left here for historic purposes. For all current info,
please see the official Zenyt channels.

----

This repository is to provide some minimum public information, and
manage interaction/feedback with interested parties.

## Mini FAQ

* Why are you doing this?

We want to achieve great things and we would like to put our
competence to good use where it is appreciated.

* What are the features of CoinX?

We can't go into detail at this point. You can assume PoC (Proof of
Capacity) is somehow involved. The code base is new/from
scratch. There are several unique features planned. Equally important
as the technicals is the CoinX community, which will also be
architected "from scratch".

* When will CoinX be available?

No ETA whatsoever.

* Will there be a white paper?

White paper and code will be published at the same time. There may be
preliminary publications of partial features or aspects of the coin
before that.

* Can't you really share more information?

This repository will - probably over time - give more and more hints
of what is likely and what is unlikely to have in CoinX.


----

Nevertheless - by public discourse - possible features, although not
guaranteed and subject to change:

Forge Deposit (a.k.a FD, formerly known as "Mortgage")

Most probably yes, although dynamic depending on (a fraction of) mined
supply.  FD decides in a binary yes/no fashion if someone can forge a
block - no percentage block reward, no marketing account as default
beneficiary.

Proof of Capacity

Yes, Probably multiple PoC types supported. PoC2 (as such Helix too),
but ZPoC (an even more efficient form of mining Helix plots - without
GPU), PoC3 is desired by the core dev team. There are more PoC4
concepts discussed.

Total Supply

Probably something that is in relation to "the number of people on
this planet".

ICO/premine

Definitely no ICO. The pros and cons of a very small (< 1% of the
supply) instamine to exclusively pay for bounties (translations etc.)
are being discussed.
